This video gives you a
complete overview of
minimum edit distance and
shows you what to do if you
want to reconstruct the path you
took when doing the edits.
Let's dive in. A few quick notes
on the minimum edit distance
implementation you learned.
Measuring the edit
distance by using
the three edits; insert, delete,
and replace with costs 1,
1 and 2 respectively is known
as levenshtein distance.
That's what you've used here.
You can look it up for
more details if you like.
There are also
well-known alternatives
that have difference
at its rules.
Finding the minimum
edit distance on its
own doesn't always solve
the whole problem.
You sometimes need to know
how you got there too.
You do this by
keeping a backtrace,
which is simply a pointer in
each cell letting you know
where you came from to
get there so you know
the path taken across
the table from the
top left corner
to the bottom right corner.
This tells you the
edits taken and is
particularly useful in problems
dealing with string alignment.
But that's a discussion
for another time.
Finally, this tabular method
for computation instead
of brute force,
is a technique known as
dynamic programming.
Intuitively, this just
means that solving the
smallest subproblem
first and then reusing
that result to solve the
next biggest subproblem,
saving that result,
reusing it again and so on.
This is what you did here by
solving each cell in order.
It's a well-known technique
in computer science and will
appear again and again
in the coming weeks
of this course.
That's it. This was a long
lesson, so well done.
You should be proud of yourself.
You took the problem of solving
minimum edit distance and
broke it down into parts.
Then use the tabular
based approach
step-by-step for
a very efficient
implementation. Great work.
Now try the programming
assignment where you will code up
this example with an
optional challenge
to build a backtrace tool.
What a journey,
and you're just
getting started here.
The weeks ahead are loaded
with more exciting stuff.
But before you go,
a quick recap.
In the past few lessons,
you learned a lot about
some real-world applications of
NLP that you're probably
using every day.
You learned about auto
correct and what it is,
and how it works its magic.
You went step-by-step
through how to build
a working auto
correct model using
edit distance and
worth probabilities.
You learned about the problem of
string similarity and metric
of minimum edit distance.
Finally, you learned
a really cool way to solve
minimum edit distance
using a tabular
algorithmic technique
known as dynamic programming.
You now have the
know-how to practice
all these new skills in
the Week 1 programming
assignment.
Have fun and good luck.
Congratulations on
finishing the week.
Minimum edit distance introduces
your first application
of dynamic programming.
In the next week, you'll
learn about the
Viterbi algorithm,
which also makes use of
dynamic programming.
See you soon.